com/bfourclass/euopendata/globals/Globals.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.globals.Globals
com/bfourclass/euopendata/external_api/instance/weather/current_weather/WeatherDetails.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.external_api.instance.weather.current_weather.WeatherDetails
com/bfourclass/euopendata/user/json/UserLoginJSON.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.user.json.UserLoginJSON
com/bfourclass/euopendata/external_api/NumbeoAPI.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.external_api.NumbeoAPI
com/bfourclass/euopendata/external_api/covid/CovidStatisticsAPI.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.external_api.covid.CovidStatisticsAPI
com/bfourclass/euopendata/external_api/instance/weather/current_weather/Rain.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.external_api.instance.weather.current_weather.Rain
com/bfourclass/euopendata/hotel_review/json/HotelReviewJSON.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.hotel_review.json.HotelReviewJSON
com/bfourclass/euopendata/external_api/instance/covid_statistics/Item.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.external_api.instance.covid_statistics.Item
com/bfourclass/euopendata/external_api/instance/weather/week_weather/Forecast.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.external_api.instance.weather.week_weather.Forecast
com/bfourclass/euopendata/external_api/instance/covid_statistics/CovidStatistics.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.external_api.instance.covid_statistics.CovidStatistics
com/bfourclass/euopendata/hotel_review/json/HotelNewReviewJSON.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.hotel_review.json.HotelNewReviewJSON
com/bfourclass/euopendata/security/StringGenerator.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.security.StringGenerator
com/bfourclass/euopendata/external_api/instance/numbeo_data/CriminalityStatistics.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.external_api.instance.numbeo_data.CriminalityStatistics
com/bfourclass/euopendata/external_api/instance/weather/current_weather/Coord.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.external_api.instance.weather.current_weather.Coord
com/bfourclass/euopendata/user_history/UserHistoryRepository.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.user_history.UserHistoryRepository
com/bfourclass/euopendata/hotel_review/HotelReviewRepository.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.hotel_review.HotelReviewRepository
com/bfourclass/euopendata/email/EmailService.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.email.EmailService
com/bfourclass/euopendata/external_api/instance/weather/current_weather/Clouds.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.external_api.instance.weather.current_weather.Clouds
com/bfourclass/euopendata/hotel/json/HotelJSON.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.hotel.json.HotelJSON
com/bfourclass/euopendata/external_api/instance/covid_news/Webpage.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.external_api.instance.covid_news.Webpage
com/bfourclass/euopendata/EuopendataApplication.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.EuopendataApplication
com/bfourclass/euopendata/external_api/instance/covid_news/Listitem.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.external_api.instance.covid_news.Listitem
com/bfourclass/euopendata/external_api/instance/location/LocationStatisticsJSON.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.external_api.instance.location.LocationStatisticsJSON
com/bfourclass/euopendata/user/json/UserJSON.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.user.json.UserJSON
com/bfourclass/euopendata/user_history/json/UserHistoryJSON.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.user_history.json.UserHistoryJSON
com/bfourclass/euopendata/external_api/instance/covid_news/CovidNewsJSON.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.external_api.instance.covid_news.CovidNewsJSON
com/bfourclass/euopendata/security/SimpleHashingAlgo.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.security.SimpleHashingAlgo
com/bfourclass/euopendata/user/auth/Role.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.user.auth.Role
com/bfourclass/euopendata/external_api/instance/weather/current_weather/Wind.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.external_api.instance.weather.current_weather.Wind
com/bfourclass/euopendata/secrets/Secrets.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.secrets.Secrets
com/bfourclass/euopendata/external_api/instance/aqicn_data/AirPollution.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.external_api.instance.aqicn_data.AirPollution
com/bfourclass/euopendata/external_api/instance/weather/current_weather/City.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.external_api.instance.weather.current_weather.City
com/bfourclass/euopendata/external_api/instance/weather/current_weather/Main.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.external_api.instance.weather.current_weather.Main
com/bfourclass/euopendata/external_api/instance/covid_news/Item.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.external_api.instance.covid_news.Item
com/bfourclass/euopendata/requests/APIError.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.requests.APIError
com/bfourclass/euopendata/external_api/instance/covid_news/CovidNews.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.external_api.instance.covid_news.CovidNews
com/bfourclass/euopendata/requests/APISuccess.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.requests.APISuccess
com/bfourclass/euopendata/external_api/instance/weather/current_weather/Weather.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.external_api.instance.weather.current_weather.Weather
com/bfourclass/euopendata/hotel/HotelController.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.hotel.HotelController
com/bfourclass/euopendata/user_history/UserHistoryModel.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.user_history.UserHistoryModel
com/bfourclass/euopendata/external_api/OpenWeatherAPI.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.external_api.OpenWeatherAPI
com/bfourclass/euopendata/user/UserModel.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.user.UserModel
com/bfourclass/euopendata/hotel/HotelService.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.hotel.HotelService
com/bfourclass/euopendata/user_history/UserHistoryService.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.user_history.UserHistoryService
com/bfourclass/euopendata/hotel/HotelRepository.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.hotel.HotelRepository
com/bfourclass/euopendata/external_api/ExternalApiController.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.external_api.ExternalApiController
com/bfourclass/euopendata/hotel_review/HotelReviewService.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.hotel_review.HotelReviewService
com/bfourclass/euopendata/external_api/covid/CovidNewsAPI.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.external_api.covid.CovidNewsAPI
com/bfourclass/euopendata/user_verification/UserVerificationRepository.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.user_verification.UserVerificationRepository
com/bfourclass/euopendata/user/auth/InMemorySecurityContext.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.user.auth.InMemorySecurityContext
com/bfourclass/euopendata/external_api/ExternalAPI.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.external_api.ExternalAPI
com/bfourclass/euopendata/hotel/HotelModel.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.hotel.HotelModel
com/bfourclass/euopendata/user_verification/UserVerificationService.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.user_verification.UserVerificationService
com/bfourclass/euopendata/hotel_review/HotelReviewModel.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.hotel_review.HotelReviewModel
com/bfourclass/euopendata/user/UserService.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.user.UserService
com/bfourclass/euopendata/user/json/UserRegisterJSONRequest.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.user.json.UserRegisterJSONRequest
com/bfourclass/euopendata/user/UserController.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.user.UserController
com/bfourclass/euopendata/user/auth/SecurityContext.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.user.auth.SecurityContext
com/bfourclass/euopendata/user/auth/SecurityConfig.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.user.auth.SecurityConfig
com/bfourclass/euopendata/InitialConfiguration.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.InitialConfiguration
com/bfourclass/euopendata/user_verification/UserVerification.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.user_verification.UserVerification
com/bfourclass/euopendata/external_api/AQICNDataAPI.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.external_api.AQICNDataAPI
com/bfourclass/euopendata/user/forms/FormValidator.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.user.forms.FormValidator
com/bfourclass/euopendata/user/UserRepository.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.user.UserRepository
com/bfourclass/euopendata/security/JwtUtil.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.security.JwtUtil
com/bfourclass/euopendata/hotel_review/HotelReviewController.java
 com.bfourclass.euopendata.hotel_review.HotelReviewController
